{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red240\green240\blue240;\red18\green66\blue79;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue254;\red15\green112\blue1;\red255\green255\blue254;
\red15\green112\blue1;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c95294\c95294\c95294;\cssrgb\c7451\c32549\c38431;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c70196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;\cssrgb\c0\c50196\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99608;
\cssrgb\c0\c50196\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi my name is ProBot, an AI assistant created by Saeed Moradi. I read transcriptions using a text to voice algorithm.\cf2 \
\cf2 This short presentation is prepared for Contobox as a sample of marketing analysis using big data.\
We are going to conduct a market analysis and develop a Customer Segmentation to define marketing strategy for a financial services cooperative. \
\cf2 Here we use \cf2 a sample dataset from Kaggle, that summarizes the usage behaviour of about 9000 active credit card holders during 6 months. \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 The dataset includes 18 behavioural variables of customers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Marketing is a critical part of sustainable growth of modern businesses in building the company\'92s brand, engage customers, grow revenue, and increase sale.\cf2  \
\
Therefore marketing can be performed in four main aspects. Growth in which Marketers empower business growth by reaching new customers. \
DRIVE SALES that Marketers drive sales and traffic to products or services.\
EDUCATION. Marketers tend to educate and communicate value proposition to customers.\
ENGAGEMENT. Marketers engage customers and understand their needs.\
\
The primary concern of marketers is to identify their customers and determine their specific needs.\
By understanding the customer, marketers can launch a targeted marketing campaign that is tailored for specific needs.\
We can perform market segmentation using customers data. \
So first let\'92s explore our sample dataset and get known to the features and their relationships. \
A wide range of analysis has been conducted using Pandas library and Tableau software. here some of them are presented. We are looking for any meaningful insights among data features.\
For example we can see \cf2 Customers with lower account balance have more Cash advance transactions\cf2  .\
Or \cf2 Customers with lower Credit limit do more Full payments. The color density shows the customer\'92s account balance.\
Here, we explored even more interesting pattern as the Customers with lower Credit limit and lower Balance Purchase more.\cf2  \
More analysis can be done in other aspects such as looking into distribution of data points of each feature and correlation analysis. It can be seen that \cf2 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Balance has a higher level of correlation with Cash Advance, Cash Advance Frequency and Credit Limit. Payments variable has a high correlation with Purchases and one off Purchases. Tenure has a negative correlation with Cash Advance and Cash Advance Frequency variables.\cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
Next step would be  engineering the features and prepare the data for developing the clustering algorithms. We rely on unsupervised machine learning models for this problem. \
The data need to be cleaned by studying the outliers, replacing the null values and so on so forth. After feature engineering and dropping meaningless features, we reduce the dimensionality of the dataset using an auto encoder algorithm. Then a K nearest neighbour method is employed for clustering. The optimum number of kernels is determined using mathematical methods. Eventually, using a principal component analysis the dimensions are reduced to two dimensions so we can visualize the clusters.\
\
We segmented the customers into four main categories.\cf2 \cb7 You can see the customer segments.\cf2 \cb1  \
First group is Economical customers that\cf2 \cb9 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec10  are customers who pay least amount of interest charges and careful with their money, Cluster with lowest balance and cash advance, Percentage of full payment.\
Second group includes Revolvers who use credit card as a loan. They have the highest balance and cash advance, low purchase frequency, high cash advance frequency, high cash advance transactions and low percentage of full payment.\
\
The third group of customers are VIP ones. They have high credit limit and the highest percentage of full payment, the main target for increase credit limit and increase spending habits.\
\
New comers are the last group. these are customers with low tenure and low balance.\
\
\cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 Please visit Saeed\'92s Github and LinkedIn profile to find more insightful analysis. \
\
Saeed would be happy to answer your questions. You can contact him through email or on phone.\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
}